# Schmaker: CS50x Final Project

Dhruv Yalamanchi (Summer 2019)

For my CS50x final project, I created Schmaker, a website designed for NCSSM students to generate their trimester schedules and check for meeting pattern conflicts.

After registering and logging into the system, the user is redirected to the Courses page, which lists the courses the user has selected thus far under the corresponding trimesters. The Courses page also dynamically updates the user's trimester and cumulative GPA. The next option in the navigation bar is Add Courses. Upon clicking this, the user is prompted to enter the course they wish to add. They also have the option to select their desired meeting pattern. After clicking Submit, the user's entry will now be displayed on the Courses page, and his or her GPA will be updated accordingly. Moving forward, Delete Courses is the next option in the navigation bar. When clicked, the user will be redirected to a page on which they are presented with a list of the courses they have currently selected as well as the option to delete one or more of these items. The next item in the navigation bar is Generate Schedule. On this page, the user is able to generate his or her actual trimester schedule based on the NCSSM 2019-20 timetable layout. Note that if the user selects one or more courses that conflict (i.e., one or more parts of their respective meeting patterns overlap), then their schedule will not be generated. My goal was to make Schmaker as functional, intuitive, and aesthetically pleasing as possible. If you happen to be a student at NCSSM, I hope you find Schmaker to be a helpful tool.# CS50-Final-Project
